Get up.
Ye Haoran, what are you doing here?
Can't I come?
The emperor learned that you had returned to China
I was specially invited to invite you back
Zhou Tianzi asked Ye He to call the shots for us
He forced our Nine Profound Heavenly Girls to marry him alone
And this
Heaven must protect Kyushu
How can it be removed from the shelves?
Well, there's more.
I dare not kneel when I see it
Sin plus one
Who is he?
Back to the Lord, he is the Great Zhou Wang family
The Martial Saint under the seat is the Marquis who guards the southern border
Ye Haoran
After Wang
Nan Junhou, who are you to be bold?
How dare you treat my father badly
You are his son
Kneel down quickly
Otherwise, Nan Junhou will know that you are outside like this
Arrogant and domineering?
court death
Yang Fan, even if you have a girl to protect you
But this is Martial Saint
Now you're dead
Now he's dead.
Seeking Martial Saint
Kill him, Martial Saint and Saintess are equal
How to kill now
Somebody take down this traitor for me
I see who dares
white collar
Do you really want to protect him?
Ye Haoran, do you know who he is?
Who is he? He is the patron saint of the continent
Are you trying to provoke the gods?
Bai Ling, listen to me
I am the patron saint of the continent